Skip to main content
Sign In
AI+ Training
Subscription Plans Machine Learning Bootcamp Assessments All courses Gift Ai+
LIVE TRAINING: January 7: Practical Advanced Pandas
REGISTER NOW AND SAVE 30%
Live training with David Yerrington starts on January 7 at 1 PM (ET)
Training duration: 4 hours

Price with 30% discount
Regular Price: $210.00

$147.00

RESERVE YOUR SPOT
Subscribe now and get 14-Day free trial
Sign-up for a Basic or Premium Plan and Get 10-35% Additional Discount Off Live Training

VIEW PLANS










30% discount ends in:
0
Days
 00
Hours
 00
Minutes
 00
Seconds
RESERVE YOUR SPOT
By the end of the course, participants will be able to:
Know how to configure Python environments

Understand the fundamentals of Pandas

Understand when to use Built-in vs. ".apply()" for data transformation

Be familiar with common multi-index use cases

Understand how to select data with multi-indexes

Describe which aspects of a DataFrame can be customized

Know how to write callback functions on DataFrame aesthetics

Course Abstract
Knowing just enough Pandas can mean the difference between exploring and understanding data from a fundamental. Knowing how to transform data, use multi-indexes, and customize Pandas' visual aspects in Jupyter Lab gives you the power to approach everyday problems confidently. In this session, you will build on fundamentals you already know to handle a more comprehensive array of data problems.

This session is for anyone who already has a solid foundation of Pandas fundamentals who wants to extend their knowledge with more advanced features, including aggregation, multi-indexing, designing transformations, and customizing DataFrame output.

Course Schedule
Module 1:  Introductions, Configuration, and Review

- Configure your Python environments

- Review the fundamentals of Pandas



Module 2:  Aggregations and ".apply()"

- Perform simple aggregations

- Review: DataFrame Axis

- Understand when to use Built-in vs. ".apply()" for data transformation



Module 3:  Mult-indexing

- Describe when multi-indexing makes sense

- Be familiar with common multi-index use cases

- Understand how to select data with multi-indexes



Module 4:  Customizing DataFrame Output

- Describe which aspects of a DataFrame can be customized

- How to write callback functions on DataFrame aesthetics

Who will be interested in this course?
This course is geared to data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers and software engineers of all levels who wish to gain a deep understanding of Pandas and how to apply it to real-world situations.

Which knowledge and skills you should have?
- Grouping

- Selecting rows or columns of DataFrames with .loc, iloc

- Boolean Indexing

- Git and Github

- Installing Python environments

- Jupyter Lab

Have questions?
GET IN TOUCH
What is included in your ticket?
Access to live training and QA session with the Instructor

Access to the on-demand recording

Certificate of completion

Upcoming Live Training & Recordings
Access all live training

ACCESS NOW
Home All Courses ODSC APAC 2021 Events
© Copyright AI+ Training 2020
